1. Lord of the Rings Series
I enjoyed all the different adventures our heroes went through to finally bring the ring to mount doom. My favorite character in this movie is Gandalf.

2. Spirited Away
This animated movie is very unique in its art style. I liked how abstract and fantasy like it was.

3. Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse
As a marvel fan, I was super excited when this movie came out. I loved how they developed Miles Morales into Spider-Man and how vibrant all the colors were.

4. Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse
This movie was on my radar as soon as the first one ended. The addition of Gwen Stacy as another main character was a great development for Miles Morales as a Spider-Man. The soundtrack in this movie was also amazing.

5. The Dark Knight (2008)
I have been a fan of Batman since I was introduced to him by my cousin. This movie really captured the grittiness of Arkham City and of Batman and Joker as characters. 

6. Your Name
Another one of my favorite animated movies. This movie is all about the red string of fate and how it ties people together. I loved the soundtrack and the love story the movie conveyed.

7. Harry Potter Series
It took a while for me to get into the world of Harry Potter, but once I started watching, I was hooked. Getting to experience Harry and his friends Hermione and Ron grow up in Hogwarts was such a fun and thrilling adventure I wish I could experience again.

8. Ratatouille
When I was young I remember watching this movie. The fact that I still remember alot of this movie to this day speaks of the impact it had on me as a kid. I liked how the rats had their own kind of society.

9. Logan
I put logan here, but any wolverine movie could be here as well. Hugh Jackman is a great actor for wolverine and I love every movie he has been in. The way wolverine is portrayed in these movies both showcases his ferocious yet caring side.

10. Avengers: Endgame
Arguably one of the best marvel movies ever, I loved how they wrapped things up in a very epic and satisfying way. As a big Spider-Man fan, I liked how powerful he was in this movie.
